Australia's dealt a crushing blow as the
economy shrinks
0.5% you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you Asian and US
Stocks
climbed Australia's dollar fell after a
report showed the economy shrank the
most since 2008 a contraction in GDP by
0.5% Australia has kept its interest
rates unchanged at
1.5% crude oil is below
$51 a barrel European stocks remain
positive on the basis that the ECB will
continue to print money the ECB is
expected to extend its Bond buying
program the Bank of India is expected to
cut interest rates and gold is at
$1,169
an ounce if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and don't forget to check out my website
where I have a free ecourse and free
ebooks and so much more at the money
gps.com